In this video tutorial, I want to walk
you through how to add keywords into
your Google Ads account based on
performance. So, as you launch new
campaigns, you're going to be accruing
search terms, what people are actually
searching when they click on your ads,
and what you want to do on a regular
basis, ideally on a weekly cadence,
depending on the volume of your account,
you want to be checking your search
terms for new keyword opportunities. So,
the easiest way to do this is just come
into the Google Ads account that you
have, go to the search term section, and
what you want to do is you want to
adjust the search terms report filters
so that you can see the keyword
opportunities. So, side note, often
times you'll find doing things in your
Google Ads account, and really any ad
manager for that matter, is really just
a lot of it's just getting used to the
platform and understanding how to see
the data that you need to see as simply
as possible, and that's where filters
come in. So, the first filter I
recommend that you leverage is added and
excluded none. This is going to clean up
your search terms report dramatically to
only see the search terms in which you
have not excluded as a negative keyword,
or that you have not already added in as
a positive keyword. In addition to that,
we want to find new keyword
opportunities that are worth adding into
our campaigns. So, I recommend that you
put conversions greater than zero, so
you can see which keywords are actually
performing well for you. Now, from
there, what you can do is you can just
come here and you can scroll to the
right around cost, and then you want to
see which keywords have the greatest
cost, or I should say search terms have
the greatest cost, that are also driving
a good amount of conversions. So, you
can see here this first search term
has spent $2,400.
It has a conversion rate of 30% and it's
driven 17 conversions.
That is amazing. So, this is definitely
an opportunity of a search term that I
might want to consider adding in as a
keyword into my account. Now, one thing
I will say that you need to be mindful
of is when you're adding in search terms
into your campaigns, is just know that
depending on the keyword that triggered
the search term, if they're so close to
each other, you know, that like it's a
it's a close match variant, and you're
already getting that exposure, then you
might make the case that you don't need
to prioritize it.
Uh the keywords or the search terms that
I find myself really wanting to add in
as new keywords into my campaigns are
the ones that have really good
performance, but they don't necessarily
have as much spend. That tells me that
they're getting cannibalized, and if I
added it directly into my campaign, I
might have a better opportunity to
expose more search terms like it. So,
for example, if I kind of scroll through
here, I can see, all right, look at this
one. I've spent only $100 on this search
term. I've gotten two conversions at a
200% conversion rate. That's really
interesting. I might want to add this
in,
especially if it's unique enough, where
maybe I'm not triggering for that close
match variant as often as I'd like, so
that I can guarantee exposure on that
specific search term. So, those are some
things to consider when you're adding in
new keywords into your account. It
really can be as simple as that. The
only other thing I guess I would mention
is when you're adding in these keywords
is ideally not just conversions. If you
can segment based on a custom column and
a conversion action, even better. So,
for example, I might have 17
conversions, but these could be like
three different conversion events that
if you add them all together equals the
17 total, and maybe I only really care
about, you know, demo requests or free
trial sign-ups. So, you can also apply a
filter based on any custom conversion
that you set up to be able to add
keywords based on the things that you
care about. So, that's it for this
video. It's really that simple. Uh it's
a good best practice to do this. I will
say now with Google getting looser and
looser, match types becoming more and
more ineffective, uh and, you know,
keywords kind of transitioning to
signals, that this is becoming less
important because now you don't need as
many keywords in your campaigns, and you
can still show up for a lot of different
things, versus back in the day, if you
didn't have every single variation, good
luck, you're not going to show up. So,
pros and cons of the new climate of
Google Ads, but this is how you add new
keywords into your campaigns.